What is this?
The doctor asked you to stay in the hospital for a few more days to have a good look.
You are in a hurry to be hospitalized again
I want the Xu family to see our jokes
It's the same at home.
Grandpa Wang, they won't be crazy for long
You can just rest assured here
Does it have anything to do with the land you bought?
And this is just the beginning.
You have a good rest
I talk to Mr. Huang
I know to show Mr. Huang the contract for the land sale.
Mr. Huang, please take a look.
Brother, it's not that I don't trust
The environment of this land is not average poor
Can this government really move in?
I really can't think of any reason
Mr. Huang is precisely because he is poor
That's why the government wants to develop this place
10 million royal buy is not a loss
OK
I believe you.
Sign the contract now